hello everyone with you days and today I
show you how to register on the site
marathon b . what kind of bookmaker am I on
office you can receive
profit saver but respectively if
your bets will win before
total registration click right
top corner check in
we fall into this menu and start
fill in the name dmitry last name there
blacksmiths
and the date of birth that you were over 18
17 years old I do not know how it is checked
the most important thing is that 18 was postal
index code can be on the boom at the address too
may we be any city phone
preferably your built-in mail
because when you reset your password
will be sent a letter that is to after
in any case was your
password we remember confirm the secret
questions are also remembered because
when withdrawing funds
you will need to specify the secret answer
on the secret question and the image remember
because I don't know which june is issued
so time zone gmt + 4 well, where is Moscow
in short
format coefficients decimal russia
currency is russian ruble and push
register check all there is
an indication
the site itself is a bit
believes because a little
users and see how we can
carry Kyiv visa web Yandex Money coin
money she much more
and most importantly do not forget to specify
rubles as not a seat we specify the
wallet number there your phone number and
with quite poverty let's say how much do you have
there is a minima
the minimum is 250 rubles for example 10
rubles, confirm the password from
poker
promo code we do not need we expose
account then go to the kiwi class there account
hanging paid money go here this
everything is easy in principle how to bet
and do a better job on the live because
it's like a game moment here
Watch start at 9:00 am 91 football
here any of these t-shirts can
be done on let's say a strong night stage
from that game
to hell with him I go to come here
see 20 still playing a whole period
coefficient gave a small but one
second half a little more but we don't know
whether they choose in the second half let's say
let me show click on myself
the ratio you want to put
and choose the amount of say 200 rubles
if you put
200 rubles at the rate of 1.56 whom you
play 312 rubles and I will immediately be you
reckon only strike must be left
quickly because the coefficient can
fall sharply and your bet wo n't go well
That's basically all about registration basics
thank you all for watching comment and
put likes subscribe to my
channel
get more information on earnings
On the Internet, thank you all bye.